# Running these scripts

## Setup

The Dockerfile should set up an environment that can run the scripts for 3D reprojection based synthetic video analysis. It may need some small adaptation as it is currently set up to run on EPFL's RCP cluster and needs credentials to be filled in to run correctly.

In the docker container the scripts can run if provided with data. During development the data was assumed to be on RCP, but the paths coded into the scripts can generally be changed and adapted to alternative data sources.

## Script purposes

- `mast3r_global_align.ipynb` is a notebook that explores the alignment approach used for Method 2. It can be adapted for use simply by modifying the video paths in the notebook to videos that you wish to analyse.
- `mast3r_align_scannnet_videos.py` was used to run point cloud alignment testing on the scannet++ data. To run this on scannet++, the `scannet_data_dir` will have to be changed to point to the scannet++ data folder. The `outdir` should also be changed to an appropriate location to store data.
- `mast3r_align_gen_videos.py` is similar but was used to align data generated by `generative_modelling/gen_video.py`. It's `gen_data_dir` should point to the directory videos were generated in by this script.
- `generative_modelling/gen_video.py` generates brief house walkthroughs with HunyuanVideo. The output directory should be changed to an appropriate location, and this script should be ran with a large GPU, or else the generation time will be prohibitively long.
- `test_metrics.ipynb` is used to perform the simple thresholding analysis on the point cloud aligned real and synthetic data. `real_folder` and `gen_folder` should be changed to point to the folders the outputs of alignment were saved to.
